Lesson 1
Objectives:
  Syllabus day! Answer the following questions:
    Why should you care about coding?
    What is a program?
    What is an app?
    What is a mobile app?
    What is a hybrid mobile app?
    What are we going to be doing in this class?
    What is the goal for our semester?

Lesson 2
Objectives:
  Introduce students to their dev environment: Sublime and Google Chrome on local work stations
  To Introduce HTML, CSS and Javscript at a high level
  To show the students a barebones HTML page
  To let the students open their first page in the browser
  
Lesson 3
Objectives:
  Review what HTML, CSS and Javascript are and how they are used
  Discuss Javascript types: String, Number, Boolean, Object, Array, Null, Undefined, NaN 
  Connecting HTML buttons to a javascript function 
  Alert messages to the user from javascript with alert()
  
Lesson 4
Objectives:
  Introduce forms and learn how to connect them with javascript
  Begin work on our first big project: the calculator app
  Build the layout for the page: 2 inputs and a submit button
  Parsing strings to integers
  
Lesson 5
Objectives:
  Introduce functions and describe their purpose
  Continue work on our calculator application
  Add a drop down that allows for users to select an arithmetic function
  Introduce if statments
    Explain the perfect connection of if statements and the drop box

Lesson 6
Objectives:
  Finish our calculator application
  Add some CSS to make it look fancy
  Introduce globally scoped variables and describe how different functions can use them
  Add traditional calculator number buttons to our app
    This will require the students to store clicks sequentially in global variables.
  
Lesson 7
Objectives:
  To give the students their first chance to work independantly
  To force students to recall knowledge of how to uncomment code
  To force students to recall knowledge of how to use a block id for selecting blocks from javascript
  To force students to recall knowledge of how to create and call functions
  To introduce students to the img block

Thought Shift:
It was here where we decided that the inclusion of HTML, CSS and Javascript in every lesson was
too much all at once for the students. So after this point our lessons began to focus on
mainly javascript with required UI functionality done by me before class.

Lesson 8
Objectives:
  To review what comments are in code and how they work in javascript
  To learn how to use the debugger
  To put to practice knowledge about if statements
  To introduce arrays
  To put to practice knowledge about for loops
  To learn how to loop throught the elements in an array
  
Lesson 9
* Shortened School Day
Objectives:
  Have the students open up the javascript console without guidance.
  Have the students create an array 
  Have the students create a loop with some suggestion (review of the .length property) 
  Have the students decide on their own that an if statement can be used for control flow.
  Teach the students how we can pull from an array
  
Lesson 10 
Objectives:
  Because the previous lesson was on a shortened school day, we continues the lesson from
  the week before. The objectives, therefore, are the same as for Lesson 9

Lesson 11
Objectives:
  Have the students view the entire stack a full featured app.
  Give students the chance to apply their knowledge of arrays
  Introduce HTML tables as a way to visualize an array of data.
  Introduce how to loop back into the DOM after javascript events.

Lesson 12
Objectives:
  Add images to the screen with javascript
  How to remove elements from the DOM
  Reapply knowledge of random number generation
  Give the students the first look at what coding a game looks like.
  Lay the groundwork for the creation of a future scoring/betting system.